Chen Yu-Lan, meet your future patron.
[man] What the hell is this?
This is nuts.
Come here.
This isn't about microchips anymore.
This is kidnapping.
In what stretch of reality
would kidnapping be part of the plan?
The plan failed.
So I came up with a better plan.
SCG segregates each department,
so no one person knows the secret,
how to make its precious chip.
No one except dear Mr. Chen.
Please, help us.
Please, sir. Please.
-Oh, my God. This is insanity.
-Not at all.
SCG makes a critical supply
of the world's most advanced microchip.
-We don't wanna corner the market.
-Cars your employers make aren't running
because they can't acquire enough chips.
I'm offering them an endless supply.
[man] You know what?
We want nothing to do with this.
[Skinner] Good. A state actor, then.
A superpower with the vision
that you clearly lack.
And what about Mr. Chen?
And his family?
-They're no longer your concern.
-[gunshot]
[woman and girl scream]
No!
I think we know the moral to that story.
[woman and girl sobbing]
Do as I say...
so I won't have to do as I do.
[suspenseful music playing]
Understood?
Yes? No?
Plan B.
You're gonna die when you hear it.
[Dembe] It's the only way.
-Then it's not gonna work.
-I can't go in.
-'Cause you're still wounded?
-We don't have a warrant.
I can't enter without one.
You can't, but I can?
I'm an FBI agent.
You're not.
Look, Anderson abducted a family.
Husband, wife, 11-year-old daughter.
We have probable cause to enter his home.
And I will,
as soon as Park gets a warrant.
Otherwise, anything I find that proves
his guilt will get tossed out of court.
Hey, I know the rules of evidence.
But I'm not just gonna sit there waiting.
Then don't.
We're legally on thin ice anyway.
You're arguably acting
as an agent of the bureau.
So you're the good cop
and I'm the bad guy now?
[scoffs] Oh, this just gets better
and better.
[suspenseful music playing]
You said the place was upscale
but not lived in.
Raymond has places like that.
Why?
Because he can.
Because he has resources.
Which means the Skinner does too.
Resources we can't match.
So why'd you become an agent?
Reddington always has some secret agenda.
What's yours?
What you found is that we're outmatched.
That unless we get help,
we'll never find the hostages
or avenge the death of my partner.
Not that you care much.
Third-degree burns
and the biggest pain I've got is you.
[Dembe sighs]
[cell phone dialing]
Yeah, it's me.
Think you need
to reach out to the senator.
Cynthia!
That's Senator Cynthia to you.
To what do I owe the displeasure?
I thought
absence made the heart grow fonder.
I am fond of you when you're absent.
Up close, I vacillate
between fear and loathing.
Your briefing with the secretary
has to wait.
Aren't you a talking head now?
Chitchatting about crime and terrorism
till you're booted for the segment
on how to make the perfect hot wing?
This is important, senator.
I'm sure it is, Harold.
That's what I'm afraid of.
I'm sure you know about
the attempted theft of the SCG microchips.
What you may not know is that Dembe Zuma
is the reason they weren't taken.
I heard he was with the bureau.
I can only imagine what heartstring
you pulled to make that happen.
He's been badly hurt.
His partner killed.
For his troubles, he's been benched
pending an investigation.
So he turned to you.
I got the band back together.
What band?
There is no band.
I disbanded the band.
Voided Reddington's immunity agreement.
He's given us a lead.
A lead on what?
The microchips weren't taken,
but the engineer, Chen Yu-Lan,
who knows how to make them was.
Imagine that information
in the hands of our enemies.
The technology that powers your phone,
your car, the Internet.
Once they have it,
imagine them cutting us off.
I haven't heard about any abduction.
Is anyone claiming responsibility?
Yes.
A 700-year-old pirate.
Does Reddington know
any run-of-the-mill criminals?
The Skinner's the latest
in a long line of brigands,
a nom de guerre passed
from one generation to the next.
The current Skinner is Graeme Anderson.
He abducted the engineer and his family.
We can't solve this case
without your help.
If, hypothetically speaking,
I was to help...
what would you need?
[dramatic music playing]
Panabaker sliced us
a piece of black-ops funding
and a promise
for tactical assistance if needed.
What about access to CODIS
and bureau databases?
They're ours, soon as you
and Agent Park access the system.
[cell phone ringing]
Agent Park?
We're on a clock.
Right. Sorry.
What are you doing?
Perseverating.
About what you said.
About honoring Elizabeth.
I mean, what are you doing here?
In her office?
I believe I already answered
that question, Donald.
You're back.
For the moment.
Let me bring you up to speed.
How about we do that in your office?
Just go slowly.
It'll come.
What'll come?
I don't know.
Whatever it is.
Tomorrow, I suppose.
[Chen] This is just a satellite office.
Please.
Your plan will not work.
It has to work.
I have bidders lined up
for the processing software
and the man who can run it.
You're the man. Get me that software.
The program you want
is only kept in Taiwan.
I'm not an idiot, Mr. Chen.
Computers in that building can access
the SCG mainframe in Taipei.
Am I wrong?
There are security protocols.
Well, you're the CTO.
If anyone can bypass them,
I'm betting you can.
And when I do...
you will let my family go?
Whatever happens to them
is entirely in your hands.
You have until 5.
Oh, and, Mr. Chen,
I have someone on the inside.
Everything you say or do, I'll know.
[suspenseful music playing]
You hungry?
I want an omelet from Tempo.
The fluffy kind that makes you feel
like you're eating a cloud.
Or we could rob a convenience store
or take candy from a baby.
Something to pass the time, hmm?
Chen's got a nice family.
I hope he gets what I need.
[Cooper] We know the Skinner
abducted Chen and his family.
We don't know if anyone hired him.
[Aram] There's nothing
from State or Langley
to suggest the Skinner's working
for Russia, China or North--
Um...
I'm sorry, but what happened to your hair?
Oh. [chuckles]
Straight razor.
Weecha does my face
and my head in one fell swoop.
We don't have enough electricity
where we live
to waste any on clippers
or other electronics.
Just the fridge and the CD player.
But I can tell you,
one of life's great simple pleasures
is seeing a woman, naked, out on the porch
with a bowl of hot water,
shaving her legs with a straight razor.
It's captivating.
[Cooper] Bastards took my Scotch.
[Raymond] I've been drinking a lot of rum.
Slow-aged in the mountains.
Rich and delicious.
We get barrels of the stuff
from Weecha and Mierce's family.
Cool. There's nothing in the bureau's
database about Chen's disappearance.
SCG hasn't reported him missing.
That's all we have.
I know not to ask how you can help us,
but I know you can.
And I hope your being here means you will.
Donald paid me a visit recently.
He reminded me
that Elizabeth only agreed
to take over my affairs because she...
felt duty bound to continue the Blacklist.
That's why she was there that night.
Doing her duty.
I'm not here just to help you, Harold.
I'm here because...
it's what she would want.
I'll bring you a case of that rum.
It's a swift kick to the head
and no headache.
If you want to talk about
what he likes or dislikes--
I know what he likes and dislikes.
Dembe. I'm glad you're feeling better.
Agent Park, congratulations
on your marriage.
Not so much on your recent freelance work.
-How do you know about that?
-I pay attention.
Or pay people to pay attention for me.
Nasty bit of business.
But your Peter seems
like a ray of sunshine.
[Park] I found Chen.
He's here in D.C. at work.
The company has a satellite office
across the river.
Chen showed up for his meetings
like nothing happened.
[Cooper] Aram, Park, get to that office.
If Chen's okay, maybe his family is too.
If they're not and he's pretending,
I wanna know why.
[cell phone dialing]
[ringing]
[in Mandarin] Mr. Chen.
[in Mandarin] I need you to access
my files on my hard drive. Do it now!
Okay. What's going on? What's wrong?
There's a program on the desktop.
The file name is just a series of numbers
ending in 6-3-2-9.
It will put the network
in diagnostic mode,
suspend its tracking capability.
You're overriding the security protocols.
Yes. I need to download
the programming files.
If the network is in diagnostic mode,
the system won't trigger an alarm.
I don't have time to explain.
I'm sorry to involve you.
But there's a man.
He's holding Wei and Shu.
If I don't do as he says,
they will surely be killed.
Yes.
What do you mean, yes?
Pai-Han, what are you saying?
What did you do?
I'm the one who involved you.
What?
You have to do what he wants.
Then for the sake of our families,
run the program.
[Duke] You said you'd take care of it.
I told you where to find him.
I teed him up and you shanked it.
Now you've come to my club
and put me off my game.
I was once struck by lightning
on a golf course.
While playing in Tripoli.
Gaddhafi was dead,
and to honor the small part I played
in his unceremonious demise,
the leader of the NTC invited me
to play a round
on the dictator's private course.
One minute I'm standing on the 12th green,
the next I'm in a desert encampment
with a lovely,
raven-haired freedom fighter
who's administering to my burns
with the touch of a lover's stroke.
I'm not calling him.
This Skinner is your successor.
You hand-picked him
to take over when you retired.
Now he's killed an FBI agent,
abducted the CTO of the world's
largest microchip manufacturer,
and he's threatening to create
an international incident
that will ruin your historic reputation.
Why do you care about our reputation?
Anderson is the 22nd Skinner.
Twenty-two generations of torch-passing.
I couldn't do it once.
I admire what you all have built.
I don't wanna see it ruined.
I'm retired, not senile.
What aren't you telling me?
I'll tell you
after you talk him off the ledge.
I'm the president of my condo association.
Garbage pickup.
Grounds management.
That's what I do now,
argue about yard signs with snowbirds,
not try and talk sense to a lunatic.
The charter, then.
I know you have the power to invoke it.
Even if I wanted to--
And I'm not saying I do because I don't.
--I couldn't do it without my predecessor.
The Captain.
Is it true she had affairs
during the Paris Peace Talks
with both Kissinger and Le Duc Tho?
The charter's never been invoked.
Not once in 700 years.
Then it'll be a bolt out of the blue.
I lived to tell about
my rather gentle lightning strike.
If we do this right,
Anderson won't be so lucky.
No. No, no, no.
-What's wrong?
-There's new software on the network.
Must be because of the robbery
at the port.
It won't execute?
It will, but the alarm will be triggered.
-Then it's impossible.
-No.
You'd be able to download the program.
The alarm would lead here.
To you?
Yes.
[computer beeping]
It's done.
Thank you.
[Park] What am I missing?
Why would the Skinner abduct Chen
only to release him?
Maybe he escaped.
But if he did, why go to work
and not the police?
Check it out.
That's him.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Park] Shoot.
[siren wailing]
[cell phone ringing]
You're not here. We're not doing this.
But, uh, we are.
I'm pretty sure Pete deserves to know.
-Hi, sweetie.
-[Peter] Hey.
Any chance we could talk things over?
I wish.
But I'm in the middle of something.
-The case.
-[Park] Pete, I'm not a field agent.
-I'm doing a friend a favor. One.
-One?
One. And not a risky one.
[Aram] No. No.
[Park] I promise. A walk in the park.
But we'll talk tonight. I have to go.
Okay. Be safe.
Um, okay. Uh, the street. It's down there.
-Oh, Alina! Car! Car!
-[tires screeching]
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
-[horn honks]
-Whoa.
[siren wailing]
[grunts] Oh.
Okay. I'm driving next time.
Seriously.
FBI!
Hands on the wheel. Now.
Just a walk in the park.
You don't know the address.
Can you describe the building--?
[in English] I was blindfolded.
In and out. All I have is a number.
To a burner phone which is untraceable.
Which is why you have to let me go.
So I can call and free my family.
That's it, then. You give him this,
and he lets you and your family go.
My family, yes.
Your family but not you.
That's it, isn't it?
You're trading your life for theirs.
I don't care what happens to me.
My wife and my daughter...
they're all that matter.
Good to see you, Mr. Beauregard.
It's been a while.
Good to see you too, Ernesto.
I've been in California
on trial in the Central District.
Quite the drama.
This client of yours is no stranger
to drama either.
Alberta?
-She's been in a state all morning.
-What's the trouble?
[Alberta] I'll tell you the trouble.
One of these bastards stole my phone!
Your cell phone?
Yeah, that's right.
Look away.
I am not crazy.
I had it right here and now it's gone.
Easy, dear.
How do you feel?
Like beating to death
anybody who asks me how I feel.
Who's this?
[Raymond] Ms. Gilbert.
Or Alberta.
May I call you Alberta?
Thank goodness I caught you.
-Mr. Beauregard?
-Hm?
Margaret Collins, I'm the new director
of Resident Relations.
You look concerned. Not to worry.
Nobody's having relations
with the residents.
[Margaret and Raymond laugh]
If I could just have a word
with you privately?
[Margaret sighs]
I know you said you'd like
to take Alberta out for the afternoon.
Same as always.
Unfortunately, things aren't
quite the same as always.
Sorry to say,
Alberta's had a small setback.
[Duke] What kind?
We're not sure yet.
I can't share medical information,
but as you're her attorney,
I feel comfortable saying
her dementia appears to be progressing.
I'm afraid her nephew Douglas
has left strict instructions
that Alberta is not to leave the grounds
under any circumstances.
He's been trying to reach a specialist
about evaluating her condition--
If-- I'm-- I'm sorry.
Walter Brenneman. Or Dr. Brenneman,
but please, call me Walter.
-Oh, you're a doctor?
-I am.
I couldn't help but overhear.
In fact, I'm the very specialist
you were just referring to.
Uh, Norm here and I
are old golfing buddies,
and he asked if I'd come
and spend some time with Alberta.
I'm a neuroscientist first and foremost.
Normally, of course, I wouldn't be
available to take on new patients.
My research at Mayo--
-The Mayo Clinic?
-Yes.
Well, that is wonderful.
[both chuckle]
So you knew about Alberta's setback?
I did. Uh, Douglas and I spoke.
He sounded distraught.
I promised to pull a few strings.
Let me get Doug on the phone.
Yeah, hi. Norman Beauregard.
Is he available?
Oh, darn.
Yeah. I see.
Well, have him call me right away.
He's in off-site meetings all afternoon.
Ouch.
I could try and come back another day.
Although I'm in Brussels next week
for a conference.
No. We appreciate you taking the time.
I'm sure it will be fine
under Mr. Beauregard's supervision.
And since you spoke with Douglas...
-[Duke] Mm.
-Yes. Wonderful.
Okey-doke.
Where are we going?
I wanna invoke the charter
to remove Anderson.
I can't do that without you.
What's wrong with Anderson?
He's noticeable.
Your legacy survives because it isn't.
Who the hell is this guy?
That's Raymond Reddington.
No.
You.
Come closer.
I'll be damned.
Give me a kiss.
A good one.
We're in a bit of a rush.
You want my help,
it's the cost of doing business.
Open mouth.
We're parked in a fire lane.
No tongue, no invoking the charter.
Let's blow this popsicle stand.
Microchips are like coated wafers.
The idea is to cram on
the microscopic, subatomic features
that are the basis
of the chip's performance.
Now, this software is a guide
for manipulating atoms
one-tenth the size
of a human hair or less.
Chen knows how to operate it.
Meaning the Skinner has
two key ingredients for making the chips.
SCG chips, the most advanced in the world.
So advanced that--
And this is one
of those impossible-but-true factoids.
--no one in Silicon Valley or Zhongguancun
or anywhere else knows how to make them.
So an already vulnerable market,
susceptible to catastrophic disruptions
in the supply chain,
can be controlled
by whoever has Chen and the software.
Which, at the moment, is us.
-We don't control anything.
-We don't, but America could.
Only if we got Chen to cooperate
and give the government
the hard drive that doesn't belong to us.
We're talking about technology
that makes the world go round.
Which is why we shouldn't steal it.
When you and Reddington took things,
it was stealing.
When America does it,
it's manifest destiny.
The only people whose destiny
I'm concerned with now
are Chen's wife and daughter.
Chen was supposed to call the Skinner
when he gets the software.
Then that's what he's going to do.
I have it. The software.
Do you? I wonder.
I can bring it to you.
I need to talk to my wife first.
[Skinner] I haven't heard
from my inside man. Why is that?
[Chen] I just need to talk to Wei.
[Wei grunts]
Yu-Lan?
Wei?
[in Mandarin] Are you okay? Is Shu okay?
Yes. We're both okay.
One hour, 2440 Junior Terrace.
[suspenseful music playing]
[in English] What do we do now?
Get your family back.
I'm not giving him the program?
-Not the real one.
-I have to give it to him!
We can't risk the real one falling
into enemy hands.
And I can't risk him killing my family.
[Aram] Of course not. Which is why
we've only made a few modifications,
imperceptible changes
in millions of lines of code.
Only a handful of experts in the world
would have any clue
it's not the genuine article.
[Park] We know what we're doing.
I know it's hard, but please, trust us.
Tell me again.
The meeting point is likely a pickup.
Wherever they take you,
we will track you with these.
Undetectable, the listening components
are baked into the frame.
We'll be with you the entire time.
And when he releases your family,
the SWAT team will hit the building,
save you and arrest the others.
We have the engineer.
The one who knows
how to make the microchips?
As well as the processing software
he needs to make them?
The proprietary software, yes.
Look around, Harold.
What do you see?
What you see is me, out on a limb,
calling in favors to get you this office,
to put this godforsaken task force
back in business.
What you see is a senator you should thank
while giving me
the program this country needs
to make its own high-end
semiconducting chips
-without relying on a foreign power.
-So we should steal it?
How does that make us
any better than Anderson?
Anderson's a criminal
looking to turn a profit.
We're patriots with an obligation
to safeguard this nation.
-Where is it now?
-I won't answer that.
We're talking international politics,
Harold.
Spycraft, war.
It's more complicated
than right and wrong.
Not to me, it isn't.
[door closes]
[Cooper] Maybe I was wrong.
For reaching out to you in Detroit.
Maybe it's too much, being here.
-If it is--
-It's not.
If it is, we'd all understand.
[dramatic music playing]
It's time to meet.
All right, let's do it.
Look, I'm good.
Then roll out.
[suspenseful music playing]
Show me the drive.
-Hey, Aram, are you seeing this?
-[Aram] All over it.
The building looks like some kind
of shipping warehouse.
Public records show
over 58,000 square feet for the complex,
owned by a shell company
called Goldenshore Industries.
-We can't cover that space with just us.
-[Cooper] Way ahead of you.
SWAT units have been dispatched.
Tell me you got it.
I knew you could do it.
All these guys bet against you.
But me? Total confidence.
That's Anderson.
We sit tight until he releases
Chen's wife and daughter.
My family, where are they?
Comfortable. Having sodas
and snacks down the hall.
You said you'd let them go.
That's not what I said.
You're forgetting an "if."
I said I'd let them go
if you did what I asked.
I got you the program.
I know you say you got me the program,
but how would I know?
I'm a sharp guy, but I don't know
a damn thing about code.
Which is why I went
and kidnapped an expert.
We're fine. There are maybe
five people who have the skill
to assess that code in under three days.
This is Mr. Sato Akimasa,
professor of information technology.
And he's one of them.
[Skinner] You okay, Mr. Chen?
You don't look so good.
He's cracking. He won't hold up.
It wasn't my idea.
I wanted to give you the program,
but they refused.
What wasn't your idea? Who refused?
The FBI.
They're outside now.
They're listening.
We're going in.
There's only three of them.
They can't go in blind.
We don't know how many of them
they're up against.
[suspenseful music playing]
-This place is massive. Where are they?
-We'll need some help here.
Working on it. I'm trying to access
any blueprints on file with the city.
-Chen's family may not have time.
-Dembe took the east side of the building.
We can't stay here.
We have to keep moving.
What did you do?
-I warned you what would happen--
-No. I didn't go to them!
[Skinner] Bring them out. Let's go.
Apparently, we have company!
-I hear Anderson, southeast corner.
-[Skinner] Time to greet our guests!
[Ressler] On our way.
Olly olly oxen free!
Nobody wants to play?
Well, perhaps I can provide
motivation to participate.
[screams]
Who's firing? Report.
He just shot Chen's wife in the leg.
Mama! Mama!
[sobbing] Mama. Mama.
I can't kill Chen.
He's the golden goose.
But the others are entirely up for grabs.
Show yourselves.
Show yourselves!
-I believe he'll kill them.
-So do I.
Cooper, how do you wanna play this?
Don't give up your weapons.
Hold your position.
Still no takers?
Come out!
I told him you're here!
Agent Zuma!
[Skinner] Agent Zuma?
Well, look at that.
You found me.
I'd say I'm about to find you.
-[Chen] No! No!
-The next one...
goes in the girl.
He'll kill her.
Ressler, stay where you are.
Please.
-[gunshots]
-[Shu whimpers]
Please.
All right, all right. Coming out.
All right, just hold your fire.
That's one.
Agent Zuma, you and whoever's with you
have three seconds
before things end badly.
-[Chen] No.
-[Shu crying] No.
No, please, please.
Please!
Sorry, Harold.
The only move now is to buy time.
Get backup here as soon as you can.
[Shu crying] Please. Please, no.
No.
Please. No.
[suspenseful music playing]
-I warned you not to pursue this.
-FBI SWAT's on their way.
Thanks for the heads-up.
I'll be sure to kill you quickly.
That won't change anything.
The bureau knows who you are.
I'll take my chances.
Take Chen and the family out of here.
-I'll deal with them later.
-[Shu] No.
Sir, we've got a situation
at the front entrance.
-Hold them off.
-It's not the FBI.
[Raymond] Mr. Anderson.
What the hell is this?
We haven't met.
You're familiar, of course,
with Vincent Duke and the Captain.
You're Raymond Reddington.
Imagine, the three of you in one room.
Somebody get a cat,
let's see how many Skinners it takes to--
Not in the mood for jokes? Fair enough.
It has been a long day all around.
What are you doing here?
How'd you find me?
We issued a Code Red,
which, if you'd bothered
to read the bylaws,
gives former Skinners access to when,
where and what their successor is doing.
Or, in this case, doing badly.
I don't mind ruthless.
In fact, I'm quite aroused by it.
It's stupidity
that dries me like the Sahara.
And killing a federal agent,
then snatching an innocent family,
that's about as stupid as you can get.
I already told you,
it's not your brand anymore.
Unfortunately for you,
it's not yours either.
What are you talking about?
[Raymond] You're a caretaker.
A steward.
A trustee in a long line of trustees.
And if you violate that trust,
there is a charter
that details how you can be removed.
[Duke] By us. If two former leaders vote
to remove the current Skinner,
he's out, effective immediately.
You can't be serious.
-I vote you out.
-I agree. Out you go.
This isn't student government.
You can't remove me
because I decided not to serve
ice cream in the cafeteria.
You didn't serve ice cream?
Oh, my gosh, if they'd known.
Forget about it.
Shoot them. Shoot them all.
Did you hear me? That was an order.
Sir...
Fine. I'll do it myself.
Sir, drop your weapon.
Or I will fire.
What are you talking about?
You're listening to them?
-You work for me.
-[man] No.
We work for the organization.
The organization has rules.
We follow them.
And so do they.
[Skinner] Yeah?
Sometimes, rules are meant to be--
We should go before the cavalry arrives.
Make sure the family's safe.
Once we're gone, let everyone go.
It's good to have you back, sir.
Once he was "off the ledge,"
you said you'd explain
your interest in our organization.
So explain it.
The line of succession.
I hadn't thought about it coming
back to me, taking over again.
I can't think
of anything that sounds worse.
Like meeting the First Lady
after you've slept with the president.
Ha.
Do you want to run things, Vincent?
The only thing I want to run
is my condo association.
In that case, I have a suggestion.
Ah, that's it.
You want to pick my successor.
The Skinners are legendary.
With the right person in charge,
I don't think there's a limit
to their reach and power.
As luck would have it, I think I know
who the right person would be.
You did what you came for.
There is nothing here but heartbreak.
I don't believe that.
I can't believe it.
One more stop.
If I don't get the answer
I'm looking for, we'll go.
[gasps]
What are you doing here?
Thinking about that beautiful,
sad Wyeth painting
you have in the next room.
I didn't know you were so melancholy.
With all your little colloquialisms
and snappy repartee.
-What do you want?
-Something you can't give me.
But which I can't get without your help.
So I thought, perhaps,
we might help each other.
We're relieved you
and your family are safe.
And Kuo Pai-Han, my associate in Taiwan?
We spoke to the authorities in Taipei.
He's being released.
Both he and his family will be fine.
I believe this belongs to you.
You're giving it back?
Your government doesn't insist
on keeping it?
Oh, they do.
But our objective was to prevent it
from falling into the wrong hands.
Including ours.
Thank you.
Your daughter's with your wife
at the hospital.
Agents are waiting to take you there.
-Okay, that was so fun.
-Which part?
Rescuing Chen and nearly dying,
or driving down a one-way street
into oncoming traffic and nearly dying?
It was purposeful.
We... did something.
Something good.
That's what's cool about it.
-You really miss it, don't you?
-Don't you?
I was positive I didn't.
And now...
I'm not so sure.
Pete would kill me if he heard me say it,
but I wish we were back full-time.
Everyone, you did a good job.
More than that...
you reminded me of all the good we did.
I don't know about you, but I needed that.
I never got to see
the task force from the inside.
Thank you for doing this.
For my partner and for me.
[elevator door opens]
[Raymond] Good Lord!
If this is how you look in victory,
I'd hate to see
what you look like in defeat.
You said you were going.
I also promised to bring Harold
a case of Weecha's hooch.
You could drink me
under the table, couldn't you?
[Raymond] Harold, if I might have a word?
Oh, by the way, my immunity deal
has been reinstated.
What? By who?
Senator Panabaker agreed
to wave her magic wand.
She's offering
to reconstitute the task force
and to let Harold, Donald
and Aram return to the FBI fold.
Why would she wanna do that?
I imagine she likes the work we do.
Do or did?
Mmm, both. And if you do as well,
you're welcome to hop back
on the merry-go-round.
If not, à bientôt.
Harold?
Did he just say what I think he just said?
I don't know. What's "à bientôt" mean?
See you soon.
Which means be careful what you wish for.
♪ The tide is high
It's sink or swim ♪
♪ My only rival is within ♪
♪ Giants calling round the bend ♪
♪ My only rival... ♪
You asked why I became an agent.
The answer is you.
That's my secret.
One of them, anyway.
Care to share any of the others?
Raymond admires you.
Not because of what you do
but because of who you are.
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh... ♪
If there's any way I can help you
through any of this, I want to try.
♪ Kingdoms rise and kingdoms end ♪
♪ My only... ♪
Perhaps in time.
♪ This is where it all... ♪
Swift kick to the head, no headache?
Like reading Homer in Greek.
I know you have
your own reasons for continuing.
I know Agnes is one,
and you know how I feel about that.
What's another?
Unfinished business.
Why do I think they're connected?
Take the win, Harold.
It's the first of many.
That... is surprisingly good.
I love surprises.
Not all surprises, of course,
but, you know, happy accidents.
Finding forgotten money in a pocket,
making unexpected friendships.
I have a feeling the next part
of this journey of ours
will be filled with new surprises.
It's good to be back, old friend.
[Raymond] Old? I'll let you in
on a little secret, Harold.
The world doesn't belong to the young.
The world belongs to anyone with
the strength to reach out and take it.
And for the first time in a long while...
I'm feeling stronger than ever.
[applause]
♪ Whoa ♪
[theme music playing]